README.md, before:

# Programming
Numbersigns, quotes and ampersands.

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/texstremists/Programming/blob/master/LICENSE)

## Crafty

Tiny, useful codes go here, not fitting to any of the other categories.

- [startup](https://github.com/texstremists/Programming/blob/master/Crafty/startup.m): MATLAB startup file to add user's toolbox to the MATLAB path

- [Makefile-Matlab](https://github.com/texstremists/Programming/tree/master/Crafty/Makefile-Matlab), simple makefile to build C++ MEX files outside MATLAB

- [colorname2RGB](https://github.com/texstremists/Programming/blob/master/Crafty/colorname2RGB.m), normalized RGB representation of color names



## Computational-geometry

- [polysample](https://github.com/texstremists/Programming/tree/master/Computational-geometry/polysample.m), uniformly distributed points in a polygon. Use cases: Monte Carlo integration, constrained Voronoi tessellation.
- [triangulate](https://github.com/texstremists/Programming/tree/master/Computational-geometry/triangulate.m), Partition a convex or concave polygon into non-overlapping triangles. Use cases: integration on polygons, etc.




## Post-processing

- [XML-colorMap-creator](https://github.com/texstremists/Programming/blob/master/Post-processing/XML-colorMap-creator/README.md), a color map generator for Paraview

- [VTKWritter](https://github.com/texstremists/Programming/blob/master/Post-processing/VtkWriter.m), a Matlab code for writing .vtk output files. Please read the comments for details.

Commit message:

Determine whether points are collinear.

README.md, after:

# Programming
Numbersigns, quotes and ampersands.

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/texstremists/Programming/blob/master/LICENSE)

## Crafty

Tiny, useful codes go here, not fitting to any of the other categories.

- [startup](https://github.com/texstremists/Programming/blob/master/Crafty/startup.m): MATLAB startup file to add user's toolbox to the MATLAB path

- [Makefile-Matlab](https://github.com/texstremists/Programming/tree/master/Crafty/Makefile-Matlab), simple makefile to build C++ MEX files outside MATLAB

- [colorname2RGB](https://github.com/texstremists/Programming/blob/master/Crafty/colorname2RGB.m), normalized RGB representation of color names



## Computational-geometry

- [polysample](https://github.com/texstremists/Programming/tree/master/Computational-geometry/polysample.m), uniformly distributed points in a polygon. Use cases: Monte Carlo integration, constrained Voronoi tessellation.
- [triangulate](https://github.com/texstremists/Programming/tree/master/Computational-geometry/triangulate.m), partition a convex or concave polygon into non-overlapping triangles. Use cases: integration on polygons, etc.
- [collinear](https://github.com/texstremists/Programming/tree/master/Computational-geometry/collinear.m), determines whether a set of points in $\mathbb{R}^n$ are collinear.




## Post-processing

- [XML-colorMap-creator](https://github.com/texstremists/Programming/blob/master/Post-processing/XML-colorMap-creator/README.md), a color map generator for Paraview

- [VTKWritter](https://github.com/texstremists/Programming/blob/master/Post-processing/VtkWriter.m), a Matlab code for writing .vtk output files. Please read the comments for details.
